Update k6 Studio Recording your first script tutorial (#1922)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/k6-studio/record-your-first-script.md

1. Open the k6 Studio desktop application.
1. Click **Record Flow**.

> 1. Type "quickpizza.grafana.com" under **Starting URL**.

Reviewer: Side-note: I find the URL incredibly long, wish it was just `pizza.grafana.com` or something 🫤

1. Click **Start recording**. You should see a Google Chrome window open after a few seconds, and the **Requests** header in the k6 Studio application.

   {{< figure src="/media/docs/k6-studio/tutorial/screenshot-k6-studio-tutorial-1-test-recorder-2.png" >}}

1. In k6 Studio, click the edit button next to **Default group**, rename it to "Homepage", and press **Enter**.
1. Next click **Create group**, name it “Generate pizza”, and press **Enter**. Groups can help organize your test scripts so they're easier to edit and maintain in the future, and give you timing metrics for each group in your test script.
1. In the browser window, press the **Pizza, Please!** button. You should see a generated recommendation.

> 1. Under the recommendation, press the **Love it!** button, a message asking to login will appear.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Under the recommendation, press the **Love it!** button. A message saying, "Please log in first." will appear.
```

This will complete the requests for the "Generate pizza" group.

> {{< figure src="/media/docs/k6-studio/tutorial/screenshot-k6-studio-tutorial-2-test-api-service-2.png" >}}

Reviewer: This screenshot should probably be replaced, no?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I'm going to start working on updating all the screenshots. 🤓

> ### Login in the service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Log in to the service
```

> Here we will login into the service to allow us to rate a pizza!

Reviewer: Should probably be `log in to` or `log into`

> Here we will login into the service to allow us to rate a pizza!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this next step, you'll log in to the service to be able to rate a pizza:
```

You can also inspect the script that would be generated by selecting the **Script** tab in the top panel.

> ## TODO: Step to validate the script and use checks to see that is not working

Author: This is a placeholder to discuss moving the validation step here so we can already showcase the full workflow, starting from the failing state of the script generated straight from the recording without rules

Reviewer 2: I moved the "Validate a test script" section up to this line, and made some changes to it. :)
